Add troubleshooting section about not running Prometheus pod (#1509)
SumoLogic/sumologic-kubernetes-collection: deploy/docs/Troubleshoot_Collection.md

  - [Check Prometheus Remote Storage](#check-prometheus-remote-storage)
  - [Check FluentBit and Fluentd output metrics](#check-fluentbit-and-fluentd-output-metrics)
- [Common Issues](#common-issues)

>   - [Missing metrics - cannot see cluster in Explore](#missing-metrics-cannot-see-cluster-in-explore)

Reviewer: Link to this section does not work in my browser, other links to sections work.

## Common Issues

### Missing metrics - cannot see cluster in Explore

> If your are not seeing metrics coming in to Sumo or/and your cluster is not showing

Reviewer: your -> you

up in [Explore][explore] it is most likely due to the fact that Prometheus pod

> isn't running.

Reviewer: I suggest to use one style, either longer form `is not/are not` or shorter `isn't/aren't`.

One can verify that by using the following command:

```
$ kubectl get pod -n <NAMESPACE> -l app=prometheus
NAME                                 READY   STATUS    RESTARTS   AGE
prometheus-<NAMESPACE>-prometheus-0  2/2     Running   1          4d20h
```

> In case it's not running one can check prometheus-operator logs for any related

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In case it is not running one can check prometheus-operator logs for any related
```
